MIPS Programming Assignment 2


Description:You will write a MIPS program that reads a string of up to 1000charactersfrom user input.The string consists of one or more substrings separated by comma. Spaces or tabsat the beginning or end or around commas areignored, those spaces or tabs should stay. For each of the substring, if it is a hexadecimal string, i.e. it has only the characters from '0' to '9' and from 'a' to 'f'and from 'A' to 'F', and it is of no more than 8 characters, the program prints out the corresponding unsigneddecimalinteger.If the hexadecimal string has more than 8 characters, the program prints out thestring of “too large”. Otherwise, the program prints out thestring of “NaN”. Empty stringsbefore the first comma,between commas or after the last comma are alsoconsidered “NaN”. The output should be separated by commas in the same way as the input.The program must have the following3 subprograms.Subprogram 1:It converts a single hexadecimal character to a decimal integer. Registers must be used to pass parameters into the subprogram. Values must be returned via registers.Subprogram 2:It converts a single hexadecimal string to a decimal integer.It must call Subprogram 1 to get the decimal value of each of the characters in the string. Registers must be used to pass parametersinto the subprogram.Values must be returned via the stack.Subprogram 3:It displays an unsigned decimal integer. The stackmust be used to pass parametersinto the subprogram.No values are returned.The main program must call Subprogram 2 for conversion and call Subprogram 3 for output.